"Tachidele's, tachidele's, and Happy New Year, and every country has beautiful New Years, and Happy
New Year's, New Year's to everyone, and happy in health.
And I'd also like to say that many of these past years, we had great opportunity to accumulate the
merit through the Mantra practices and dedicate the merit for all beings into the world.
Peace and our own, these well-being, say, everywhere, every time. So we had really wonderful other
way to the merit and benefit your activity to get us that reflect our bodhichitta, which is our
very heart of the practices.
So it's been very, very beautiful development so many these years. And I'd like to also encourage
every practitioner that they can also increase more bodhichitta through that and the practices and
dedicate it to the world peace and as well as well beings throughout the generations and all the
central beings, as teaching said.
In a particular this year, I thought maybe we can practice in accumulating such as very famous and
powerful practices, known as Dusamsanji and Murubuji, and short practices of the Murubemasambhava
that removes all obstacles and following the wishes.
This practice is also a renowned and very special powerful practice of the Dijanriya times, when
the world is facing so many difficult troubles and all over places.
And this is what really in the teaching said, it's one of the very powerful practices.
In a particular, this teaching is discovered by very famous new material known as Churya Devinlampa
, along with very famous great master, Yavmukunthod and great chansei.
This is the three great master. In a way, they all together discovered, blessed and then taught
this teaching and spread it out since then to every practitioner that is practicing this.
It's very strongly open. And so, he's on the Dijanriya, but he also, I encourage you to practice
this one, as well as even he wrote commentaries on this teaching.
So I just really like to encourage you, and we can accommodate these practices for all reasons.
To ourselves, to the family, and for the world, and then for the peace and happy, harmony and the
performance of all our wishes, remove all obstacles and obstacles, diseases.
So there is that we wish, really pray for this practice, if we can. That will be wonderful.
And again, in the group, joint togat practices, we all hand-set togat in with one voice, giant
bread, still gurupa, masambhavas, embodiment of all enlightenment, Buddha, dharmasanga.
And at any root, all the time says, so many of you already know how important and powerful and
special Buddha of Gurupa and Masambhavas, to kind of bring that understanding very strongly,
and with devotion and the beautiful thought and attitude, practice, it is, that's wonderful.
And thank you, again, we can do togat of Gurupas, togat of wonderful, and we dedicate that again
very beautifully,
and to all beings, to every levels, to yourself, and to everyone.
Thank you very much, and my best wishes, and a lot of good things achieved and come through.
remove all the obstacles, trashy delays, thank you.